{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Nambi Hawkins\
Github link:\
https://nambihawkins.github.io/WSProject/WSP-projectTemplate-master/index.html\
\
This past month I\'92ve been working on perfecting the different components of a web page. Week 1, I created a landing page and selected the 5 components I\'92d be working on for the month. Week 2, I started to build the components to the best of my ability, and it seems I did a decent job. Week 3 was a refining week. I got feedback from my classmates as well as my instructor, with some tips on how to make my design better. Week 4 was also a refining week, polishing and adding any last touches to the project before final submission. \
\
I\'92d have to say that everything went pretty well. It\'92s all a matter of taking the time to learn and put that knowledge to use. Before this class, I thought I did a horrible job with html and css. I found that I may not be able to come up with an original design and go through every step of creating a web site on my own, but I can definitely take someone else\'92s design and put it into code. It is a bit disheartening that I\'92m not as creative as I thought I was, but I was taught that hard work wins when talent won\'92t. I can compare this to drawing. I\'92m able to draw just about anything, If I can see it, I can draw it, but ask me to create a new character for an animated show and I\'92m stumped. We can\'92t be great at everything.\
\
I\'92d really like to take time to use tools outside of the class room to improve upon what I\'92ve learned so far. I was speaking with one of my coworkers this week about making that switch from construction to web design and he told me about how he started as an architect. He never had to advertise his work. He started out doing a lot of work for free and the word was just passed along from person to person. My goal right now is to do some free work for practice, build up my portfolio, and use that in getting a job in web design. \
\
I\'92ll definitely continue to do research, but I don\'92t think I\'92ll build upon these components. I believe a have a pretty decent grasp on them, enough to move on to the next project and build that up. There are so many tools and resources out there, if I\'92m ever unsure about something, I can do what I did this month, and look up help or ask someone for it.  }